hi there what's up in this class we talk
about M dg2 which is ensure primary
education to all children around the
world last classes we've talked about
MDGs and today we talk about this second
goal from United Nations which is ensure
that every child in the world completes
a primary primary school this is a big
challenge by that time by 2000 there
were more than 100 million children out
of school now more than ten years later
there are about 60 million children who
are out of school and there are many
initiatives to put these kids in school
and then help them achieve the primary
schooling level now if I ask you do you
have in your country children that are
out of school what can you do to
contribute to put these kids in school
do you think primary school is important
for a child life in your country how
many kids are out of school do you
remember your first day of school do you
think school is something important or
work is more important than education
answer the
questions go on our website complete the
exercises if you have any questions
please feel free to send us a message we
are here to help you thank you very much
I'm Philip Yugi
see you next class